activity::.view.Switches
activity::.app.HelloWorld
activity::.graphics.SurfaceViewOverlay
activity::.graphics.PolyToPoly
activity::.media.AudioFxDemo
activity::.view.RotatingButton
api_call::android/app/Activity;->setContentView
activity::.content.PickContact
api_call::android/hardware/Camera;->open
activity::.app.ServiceStartArguments$Controller
activity::.accessibility.ClockBackActivity
activity::.view.Hover
activity::.nfc.ForegroundNdefPush
activity::.app.LocalSample
activity::.view.Buttons1
activity::.view.ScrollView1
activity::.view.ScrollView2
activity::.view.TableLayout8
activity::.view.ProgressBar2
activity::.view.ProgressBar3
activity::.view.ProgressBar1
activity::.view.ProgressBar4
activity::Views/Controls/6. Holo or Old Theme
service_receiver::.app.AlarmService_Service
activity::.media.MediaPlayerDemo_Video
activity::.view.ScrollBar2
activity::.view.ScrollBar3
activity::.view.ScrollBar1
activity::.os.Sensors
activity::.graphics.AlphaBitmap
activity::.app.FragmentHideShow
activity::.graphics.ColorMatrixSample
activity::Graphics/OpenGL ES/OpenGL ES 2.0
activity::.accessibility.TaskListActivity
activity::.view.Tabs5
activity::Graphics/OpenGL ES/Frame Buffer Object
real_permission::android.permission.SEND_SMS
activity::.view.Tabs6
intent::android.intent.category.EMBED
activity::.view.Visibility1
activity::.app.IntentActivityFlags
activity::Views/Controls/5. Custom Theme
activity::.view.GameControllerInput
activity::.graphics.Compass
activity::.view.Grid3
activity::.view.Grid2
activity::.view.Grid1
activity::.preference.PreferencesFromCode
activity::.text.Marquee
activity::.app.VoiceRecognition
activity::.animation.AnimationSeeking
real_permission::android.permission.CHANGE_COMPONENT_ENABLED_STATE
activity::.graphics.CameraPreview
activity::.app.ForegroundService$Controller
permission::android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS
activity::.view.Tabs2
activity::.app.TextToSpeechActivity
real_permission::android.permission.CAMERA
service_receiver::.app.OneShotAlarm
activity::.app.RemoteService$Controller
url::http://www.google.com\
activity::.graphics.BitmapDecode
activity::.graphics.GradientDrawable1
activity::.app.ActionBarTabs
activity::.app.SetWallpaperActivity
activity::.graphics.RoundRects
activity::.graphics.MatrixPaletteActivity
activity::.view.Spinner1
permission::android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
activity::.app.FragmentStack
call::readSMS
activity::.graphics.Xfermodes
activity::.content.ExternalStorage
activity::.graphics.Typefaces
activity::Views/Controls/4. Holo Dark Theme
activity::.content.ResourcesSmallestWidth
permission::android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
activity::.view.LayoutAnimation6
activity::.view.LayoutAnimation7
activity::.view.LayoutAnimation4
activity::.view.LayoutAnimation5
activity::.view.LayoutAnimation2
activity::.view.LayoutAnimation3
activity::.view.LayoutAnimation1
activity::.animation.AnimationLoading
activity::.app.FragmentContextMenu
activity::.app.AlarmController
activity::.text.Link
activity::.graphics.Patterns
activity::.view.Animation2
activity::.view.Animation3
real_permission::android.permission.VIBRATE
activity::.view.Animation1
activity::.graphics.Arcs
intent::android.intent.category.SAMPLE_CODE
activity::.app.Forwarding
service_receiver::.app.MessengerService
feature::android.hardware.telephony
activity::.graphics.FingerPaint
activity::Graphics/OpenGL ES/Translucent GLSurfaceView
activity::Graphics/OpenGL ES/Textured Triangle
api_call::android/content/pm/PackageManager;->setComponentEnabledSetting
call::getDeviceId
activity::Views/Search View/Always Expanded
activity::Views/Search View/Action Bar
activity::.app.QuickContactsDemo
service_receiver::.app.ServiceStartArguments
activity::.app.LoaderCustom
activity::Graphics/OpenGL ES/Compressed Texture
service_receiver::.app.ForegroundService
activity::.app.IncomingMessageView
activity::.view.ChronometerDemo
activity::.view.TextSwitcher1
activity::.view.LinearLayout5
activity::.view.LinearLayout6
activity::.view.SeekBar1
activity::.view.List8
activity::.view.List7
activity::.view.List6
activity::.view.List5
activity::.view.LinearLayout7
activity::.view.List3
activity::.view.List2
activity::.view.List1
activity::.app.ReorderOnLaunch
url::www.android.com
activity::.app.StatusBarNotifications
activity::.view.InternalSelectionScroll
activity::.app.FragmentArguments
activity::.view.SplitTouchView
activity::.animation.ReversingAnimation
activity::.app.FragmentMenu
activity::.view.ImageView1
activity::Views/Search View/Filter
activity::.text.LogTextBox1
service_receiver::.app.NotifyingService
feature::android.hardware.camera
activity::.graphics.ScaleToFit
activity::Graphics/OpenGL ES/Touch Rotate
activity::.preference.FragmentPreferences
activity::.graphics.PathFillTypes
activity::.content.ReadAsset
activity::Views/Controls/1. Light Theme
activity::.app.FragmentReceiveResult
activity::.view.AutoComplete3
activity::.view.AutoComplete2
activity::.view.AutoComplete1
activity::.view.AutoComplete6
activity::.view.AutoComplete5
activity::.view.AutoComplete4
activity::.graphics.Sweep
activity::.nfc.ForegroundDispatch
service_receiver::.appwidget.ExampleBroadcastReceiver
activity::.content.ResourcesSample
provider::android.provider.Telephony.SMS_RECEIVED
service_receiver::.os.SmsMessageReceiver
activity::.graphics.MeasureText
activity::.view.HorizontalScrollView1
activity::.content.ResourcesLayoutReference
activity::.view.ImageButton1
activity::.preference.PreferenceWithHeaders
url::http://www.android.com/
intent::android.intent.action.MY_PACKAGE_REPLACED
activity::.view.PopupMenu1
call::printStackTrace
api_call::android/content/ContentResolver;->query
activity::.app.IncomingMessage
activity::.content.ResourcesWidthAndHeight
activity::.view.WebView1
activity::.view.DateWidgets2
activity::.view.DateWidgets1
activity::.view.TableLayout3
activity::.view.TableLayout4
activity::.view.TableLayout5
activity::.view.TableLayout6
activity::.view.TableLayout7
activity::.graphics.AnimateDrawables
activity::.view.TableLayout9
activity::.os.MorseCode
api_call::android/telephony/SmsManager;->sendTextMessage
activity::.preference.LaunchingPreferences
feature::android.hardware.screen.landscape
activity::.animation.AnimatorEvents
activity::.app.SearchInvoke
intent::android.intent.action.MAIN
intent::android.intent.ACTION_TIMEZONE_CHANGED
activity::.app.FragmentTabs
activity::.graphics.Vertices
api_call::android/app/WallpaperManager;->setBitmap
activity::.graphics.kube.Kube
activity::.app.LoaderThrottle
activity::.app.PersistentState
api_call::android/media/MediaPlayer;->start
activity::.app.FragmentDialogOrActivity
activity::.view.List17
activity::.view.List16
activity::.view.List15
activity::.view.List14
activity::.view.List13
activity::.view.List12
activity::.view.List11
activity::.view.List10
activity::.app.AlarmService
activity::.preference.PreferencesFromXml
activity::Views/Custom
activity::.app.SendResult
activity::.app.ActionBarSettingsActionProviderActivity
activity::.app.NotifyWithText
activity::.animation.ListFlipper
activity::.ApiDemos
activity::.app.FragmentListArray
activity::.app.MessengerServiceActivities$Binding
permission::android.permission.SEND_SMS
activity::.view.RelativeLayout2
activity::.view.RelativeLayout1
activity::.view.LinearLayout10
activity::.view.LinearLayout1
activity::.view.LinearLayout2
activity::.view.LinearLayout3
activity::.view.LinearLayout4
activity::.graphics.UnicodeChart
activity::.animation.MultiPropertyAnimation
activity::.preference.SwitchPreference
activity::.view.LinearLayout8
activity::.view.LinearLayout9
service_receiver::.appwidget.ExampleAppWidgetProvider
activity::.app.ActionBarMechanics
activity::.os.SmsMessagingDemo
activity::.app.FragmentLayout
activity::.view.RatingBar1
permission::android.permission.INTERNET
service_receiver::.app.RepeatingAlarm
activity::.app.ActionBarDisplayOptions
activity::.nfc.TechFilter
activity::.app.FragmentAlertDialog
activity::.graphics.WindowSurface
activity::.app.RedirectEnter
activity::.app.CreateShortcuts
activity::.view.OverscanActivity
call::sendSMS
activity::.media.MediaPlayerDemo_Audio
activity::.preference.DefaultValues
activity::.graphics.SensorTest
activity::.view.TableLayout12
activity::.view.TableLayout10
activity::.view.TableLayout11
activity::.view.ExpandableList1
activity::.view.ExpandableList3
intent::android.intent.ACTION_TIME
activity::.graphics.Layers
activity::.animation.CustomEvaluator
activity::Graphics/OpenGL ES/Cube Map
activity::.graphics.PurgeableBitmap
feature::android.hardware.camera.autofocus
activity::.app.DeviceAdminSample
activity::.app.AlertDialogSamples
activity::.view.Focus5
activity::.view.Focus1
activity::.view.Focus2
activity::.view.Focus3
permission::android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER
service_receiver::.app.AppUpdateReceiver
activity::.view.InternalSelectionFocus
activity::.graphics.PathEffects
activity::.graphics.DensityActivity
activity::.view.Baseline3
activity::.app.ReceiveResult
activity::.view.Gallery1
activity::.view.Gallery2
activity::.view.Tabs3
activity::.app.ContactsFilter
activity::.view.Tabs1
activity::.view.Baseline7
activity::.app.Intents
intent::android.intent.category.DEFAULT
real_permission::android.permission.WAKE_LOCK
activity::.graphics.ColorFilters
activity::Graphics/Touch Paint
feature::android.hardware.location
activity::.graphics.DrawPoints
activity::.app.RemoteService$BindingOptions
activity::Views/Controls/2. Dark Theme
activity::.graphics.ShapeDrawable1
permission::android.permission.VIBRATE
activity::.media.MediaPlayerDemo
activity::.os.RotationVectorDemo
activity::.preference.PreferenceDependencies
service_receiver::.app.LocalService
activity::.content.StyledText
activity::.app.RemoteService$Binding
real_permission::android.permission.INTERNET
activity::.app.Animation
real_permission::android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER
provider::android.appwidget.provider
activity::.app.NotifyingController
activity::.view.List9
permission::android.permission.NFC
activity::.view.DragAndDropDemo
activity::.view.ExpandableList2
activity::.view.SecureView
activity::Views/Tabs/4. Non Holo theme
call::getSystemService
permission::android.permission.CAMERA
activity::Purgeable
activity::.app.FragmentCustomAnimations
activity::.app.ScreenOrientation
activity::.app.ActionBarUsage
activity::.app.NotificationDisplay
activity::Graphics/OpenGL ES/GLSurfaceView
activity::.content.InstallApk
activity::.app.LocalServiceActivities$Controller
activity::.view.List4
activity::.app.LocalServiceActivities$Binding
activity::.view.RadioGroup1
activity::.view.TableLayout1
activity::.accessibility.CustomViewAccessibilityActivity
activity::.view.TableLayout2
real_permission::android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
intent::android.intent.action.CREATE_SHORTCUT
api_call::android/content/Context;->startActivity
activity::.app.FragmentDialog
activity::.animation.BouncingBalls
service_receiver::.app.RemoteService
activity::.app.LauncherShortcuts
activity::.app.FragmentRetainInstance
activity::.graphics.BitmapMesh
activity::.graphics.CreateBitmap
activity::Views/Controls/3. Holo Light Theme
feature::android.hardware.location.network
intent::android.intent.category.LAUNCHER
url::http://www.android.com
activity::Graphics/OpenGL ES/Sprite Text
activity::.os.SmsReceivedDialog
activity::.animation.LayoutAnimations
activity::.app.SearchQueryResults
activity::.app.ActionBarShareActionProviderActivity
activity::.view.GridLayout1
activity::.view.GridLayout0
activity::.view.ImageSwitcher1
activity::.animation.LayoutAnimationsHideShow
activity::You have messages
activity::.animation.Transition3d
activity::.app.SaveRestoreState
activity::.app.LoaderCursor
activity::.animation.LayoutAnimationsByDefault
activity::.graphics.Pictures
activity::.graphics.Clipping
activity::.app.MenuInflateFromXml
feature::android.hardware.touchscreen
activity::.content.ClipboardSample
activity::.graphics.TextAlign
activity::.view.Baseline1
activity::.view.Baseline2
intent::android.intent.action.SEARCH
activity::.view.Baseline4
activity::.view.Baseline6
feature::android.hardware.microphone
permission::android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
api_call::android/os/Vibrator;->cancel
activity::.graphics.Regions
activity::.view.BaselineNested1
activity::.view.BaselineNested3
activity::.view.BaselineNested2
permission::android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
activity::.graphics.BitmapPixels
activity::.app.SoftInputModes
url::www.google.com\
activity::.preference.AdvancedPreferences
activity::.app.ActivityRecreate
activity::.media.VideoViewDemo
activity::.animation.AnimationCloning
