url::m.help.naver.com
api_call::android/net/ConnectivityManager;->getActiveNetworkInfo
activity::Web View Page
real_permission::android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
permission::android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
call::getPackageInfo
activity::Map Search Main
activity::.ui.pages.NotificationPage
activity::Voice Recognition Search
url::http://market.android.com/details?
call::getSystemService
activity::Option Bicycle Legend
url::http://m.naver.com
url::http://unknown.domain/
url::m.naver.com
call::Read/Write External Storage
activity::Map Route Edit
intent::android.intent.action.VIEW
url::http://api.appnotice.naver.com/notice/list.nhn?os%3Dandroid&app%3Dmap
api_call::android/location/LocationManager;->getLastKnownLocation
permission::com.android.launcher.permission.INSTALL_SHORTCUT
url::map.naver.com
activity::Traffic SubwayStation Info
url::m.map.naver.com
activity::Settings Page
feature::android.hardware.location.gps
permission::android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS
activity::Option View Mode
url::cdn.naver.com
activity::Traffic TrainStation Info
activity::Map Route Walk
activity::Map Route Bicycle
activity::Panorama
url::mobile.naver.com
url::http://map.naver.com/index.nhn
activity::PanoramaCar
feature::android.hardware.camera
url::http://cdn.naver.com/naver/android/map/upgrade/info_android.xml
feature::android.hardware.location.network
url::unknown.domain
intent::android.intent.category.LAUNCHER
activity::PanoramaWalk
activity::Map Search Result
url::http://map.naver.com/?dlevel%3D11&lat%3D
activity::.ui.pages.SearchTrafficBusNoInfo
activity::PanoramaNearInfo
activity::.ui.pages.SearchTrafficExpressStationInfo
url::api.appnotice.naver.com
activity::Map Bookmark List
activity::Option Map Info
activity::NearInfoResult
activity::PanoramaTransit
real_permission::android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
permission::android.permission.INTERNET
activity::Traffic Search Result
intent::android.intent.category.BROWSABLE
activity::.ui.pages.SaveProcessPage
feature::android.hardware.wifi
permission::android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
permission::android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
url::http://m.map.naver.com/siteview.nhn
feature::android.hardware.screen.portrait
activity::Saved List
url::http://market.android.com/search?
feature::android.hardware.touchscreen
api_call::org/apache/http/impl/client/DefaultHttpClient
call::printStackTrace
permission::android.permission.CALL_PHONE
activity::.ui.pages.SearchTrafficBusStationInfo
activity::Map Route Car
intent::android.intent.category.DEFAULT
feature::android.hardware.microphone
permission::android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
url::http://m.help.naver.com/faq/list.nhn?falias%3Dmo_map_app
activity::placereview
url::http://m.map.naver.com/search.nhn
activity::PanoramaBicycle
url::market.android.com
permission::android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
url::http://mobile.naver.com/application/androidApp.nhn?path%3DinApp
permission::android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
activity::.MapBasicPage
feature::android.hardware.location
activity::Traffic Search Main
real_permission::android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
activity::KeepScreenOn Page
feature::android.hardware.telephony
activity::.ui.pages.SearchResultDetail
activity::NearInfoList
api_call::android/media/AudioRecord
intent::android.intent.action.MAIN
real_permission::android.permission.INTERNET
activity::TestConfActivity
activity::PanoramaPoi
api_call::android/content/Context;->startActivity
activity::cctv
